bloody mary recipe

This is how I prepare a Bloody Mary. It's the best, most refreshing recipe for this delicious cocktail that I've ever tasted. Perfect for impressing your partner after a big night out. I like to make a jug and drink it slowly over BLTs.

Ingredients:
Vodka
Unflavoured
Tomato juice  
Don't skimp on this one.
Lemon Juice
The stuff you buy in a little bottle is fine here. You could juice up some fresh lemons, but there's no way you're in the mood for that after the night before.
Pepper
Black or mixed, but not solely white. Freshly ground
Celery Salt
Flavoured salt is a hipster comfort and a guilty pleasure. Treat yourself.
Worcestershire sauce
It's pronounced 'wooster-sure'
Tabasco sauce
Lemons
Celery
Ice
Big ice cubes are best

Equipment:
Jug
Tall glasses
Some kind of stirrer (celery sticks are good for this)
A small, shallow dish

Throw your ice in the jug first and pour the vodka over, followed by the tomato juice, lemon juice, tabasco & worcestershire sauces and a good amount of salt and pepper.

Cut up your lemons and throw them in there, leaving some to garnish your glasses. Sidebar: squeeze your damn lemons. It's there to add juice and flavour! If you simply cut the lemons and throw them in then all the juice stays in the lemon itself. Just squeeze 'em a little bit on the way into the jug/glass to get some juice going. Stick some celery in there and stir it around. Cut some more celery into strips and stick it in there.

Now we're gonna frost the rims of our glasses. Get 'em ready. Grab your small dish and grind a heap of salt and pepper onto it. I like about a 50/50 mix but it's not an exact science. Gently shake the dish until the heap has spread itself out into a patch slightly larger than the rim of your glasses. Once this is done, grab a wedge of lemon that you reserved for the glasses, cut into the middle of it a bit so the juice is flowing, then rub it around the rim of your glasses to get some juice on 'em. Then invert the glasses and gently place them onto your pile of salt and pepper. geeeently rotate the glass while raising it up and dropping it on your dish at different spots. If you do it right the salt and pepper will adhere to the lemon juice on the rim of the glass. Do this for each glass. 

Throw some ice cubes in each glass along with a wedge of lemon or two, and maybe a small piece of celery. Pour from the jug into your glasses. You're done! 